I'm so sure I can't contact her.
There will be a day when you can't contact her.
Give me her preferences.
You don't care if I want her cell phone.
Don't you know that we are not familiar with each other? You must know.
She won't fail to tell you. How could it be?
I care so much about plastic with her. She is comparable to you and her.
Right, Mr. Zhou. this,
Just give me her cell phone.
I didn’t even ask for it. I don't. Don't say I didn't.
Even if I had it, I wouldn't give it to you.
Unexpectedly, you are also shocked.
When you get home, your family has turned upside down and you can’t even do it.
Did something happen at home?
We are about to reach my branch city
I'll send you a message
It doesn’t matter if I say it
I want you to come back and tell mom
Guess how late I will be back